hey guys today I'm gonna be doing an
acacia Brinley makeup tutorial yep
acacia Brinley I actually really do like
her truth be told she was I will be
fresh ones they went so there's that so
this is following her updated makeup
routine video which I will link below
makeups really really simple so I do
actually Becca mend this for people who
don't like wearing along to makeup I
feel like a wears like next to
nothing so this is a great routine so I
will start by to start my face I use
benefits 15 hour primer this makes your
makeup stay all day long
acacia does use a primer when she does
her makeup and I really do recommend a
primer to everyone just so their makeup
stays now using rimmel's match
perfection concealer I'm applying it to
all my trouble spots with a little brush
and then I do blend it out with a Beauty
Blender
now by mixing Maybelline's dream fresh
BB cream and Revlon's Colorstay
foundation I do create a sheer
foundation and I place all over my face
with a brush and then I do also blend it
out more so with a Beauty Blender this
is awesome it helps get rid of on lines
a little foundation brush could have
left you then with my very broken Rimmel
stay matte powder I am gonna powder my
face just to set the concealer and
foundation since the Keysha does have
very dark eyebrows i am using fame from
The Naked basics palette and using this
as my brow powder today I am also
filling them in a tiny bit thicker than
I usually do because hers are rather
thick but I really do like how those
looks
then to prepare for mascara I do curl my
eyelashes
then apply your favorite mascara all
over your top lashes do not put them on
your bottom lashes as acacia does not
wear mascara on her bottom lashes she
uses Maybelline the falsies but I am
using Maybelline colossal using NYC
smooth skin bronzer and sunny I am
applying this to my cheekbones just to
kind of contour my face acacia doesn't
wear blush
she says she uses bronzer as a blush so
I'm just putting this on and then I do
also buff it out just to make it look a
bit more natural yeah more natural
using essence waterproof liquid liner I
am lining my eyes and then I do also add
a little wing just like acacia does
then I unclip my hair and I am done my
acacia tutorial
thank you all so much for watching feel
free to subscribe I love you all I hope
you have an awesome day and I'll talk to
you soon